TELCODOCS-2045 - Telco core RDS 4.18 docs (#88622)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-core-cluster-network-operator.adoc

* No reference design updates in this release

Description::

> The Cluster Network Operator (CNO) deploys and manages the cluster network components including default OVN-Kubernetes network plugin during cluster installation.

Reviewer: I would leave _the_ here. 

```suggestion
The Cluster Network Operator (CNO) deploys and manages the cluster network components including the default OVN-Kubernetes network plugin during cluster installation.
```

> It allows for configuring primary interface MTU settings, OVN gateway modes to use node routing tables for pod egress, and additional secondary networks such as MACVLAN.

Reviewer: Slightly ambiguous _it_.
```suggestion
The CNO allows for configuring primary interface MTU settings, OVN gateway modes to use node routing tables for pod egress, and additional secondary networks such as MACVLAN.
```

In support of network traffic separation, multiple network interfaces are configured through the CNO.
Traffic steering to these interfaces is configured through static routes applied by using the NMState Operator.
To ensure that pod traffic is properly routed, OVN-K is configured with the `routingViaHost` option enabled.
This setting uses the kernel routing table and the applied static routes rather than OVN for pod egress traffic.

> The Whereabouts CNI plugin is used to provide dynamic IPv4 and IPv6 addressing for additional pod network interfaces without the use of a DHCP server.

Reviewer: Should these two paragraphs line up with the one above? 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fbd66f77-edd7-46c7-be78-dc55bbae3a7a)

To ensure that pod traffic is properly routed, OVN-K is configured with the `routingViaHost` option enabled.
This setting uses the kernel routing table and the applied static routes rather than OVN for pod egress traffic.

The Whereabouts CNI plugin is used to provide dynamic IPv4 and IPv6 addressing for additional pod network interfaces without the use of a DHCP server.
--

Limits and requirements::
* OVN-Kubernetes is required for IPv6 support.
* Large MTU cluster support requires connected network equipment to be set to the same or larger value.
MTU size up to 8900 is supported.
//https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CNF-10593
* MACVLAN and IPVLAN cannot co-locate on the same main interface due to their reliance on the same underlying kernel mechanism, specifically the `rx_handler`.
This handler allows a third-party module to process incoming packets before the host processes them, and only one such handler can be registered per network interface.
Since both MACVLAN and IPVLAN need to register their own `rx_handler` to function, they conflict and cannot coexist on the same interface.
Review the source code for more details:

> ** https://elixir.bootlin.com/linux/v6.10.2/source/drivers/net/ipvlan/ipvlan_main.c#L82[linux/v6.10.2/source/drivers/net/ipvlan/ipvlan_main.c#L82]

Reviewer 2: This seems odd to point to something like this
